Page d'accueil : Home

- The higher we rise, the smaller we seem to those who cannot fly.
- WHY DO THESE TESTS?
- As the flagship of the French Army and the country's international showcase, the French Air Force and Naval 
Aviation have some of the most highly trained personnel in the world. With such prestige, the army must assume 
this reputation in order to show its veracity. This is why the French Ministry of the Army, through the 
intermediary of the psycho-technical testing company INFINITE MEASURES, has commissioned us to carry out a 
battery of tests aimed at evaluating the aptitude of potential future fighter pilots to operate in difficult and 
stressful situations. Their stress management, understanding of orders and reflexes will be put to the test in 
order to detect any possible inability to perform a job that requires a lot of resources. Thus, this test serves 
as a kind of "first skimming" to keep only the most suitable students. Afterwards, further tests will be conducted
to evaluate the remaining candidates. Only the best will be selected. The set of tests that we have carried out 
is therefore intended for the student pilots of the army. If you are between 18 and 26 years old, and you wish to
test your capacities in order to apply in the army, we invite you to contact INFINITE MEASURES, which will be able
to inform you in your research, and will redirect you to us if your candidature seems to them possible.
- WHAT ARE THEY?
- The user will perform ten minutes of tests targeting different abilities. He will have to face several exercises 
intended to evaluate his capacity to react in a proportionate way to certain conditions: during the said test, he 
will have to carry out the following tests, four in number: restitution of a tone transmitted by radio, evaluation 
of his heart rate and of the surface temperature of his skin to gauge his resistance to stress, and finally 
reaction time to an expected sound and to an unexpected light. To follow these tests and to be guided throughout 
the test, a small LCD screen will be made available with the instructions of the test as well as a countdown 
before the test starts.
- Heart rate sensor
Your heart rate is measured throughout the test to produce an average and to capture possible excessive changes 
in heart rate during a stressful episode.
- Temperature sensor
The surface temperature of your skin will be analyzed at several points during the test, by the contact of your 
finger with a temperature sensor.
- Reaction time test
This part is divided into two parts. First, the reaction time to an expected sound: your ability to react quickly 
to a command is tested. Second, the reaction time to an unexpected light: how will you evolve in an unstable 
environment?
- KEY FIGURES
- THEY TRUST US
- INFORMATION
Terms and Conditions of Use
Legal Notice
- LOCATION
- CONTACT US
Mail 
Phone

Page A Propos de Nous : ABOUT US

- OUR STORY
We are a young startup of six students named AEROPEX. We are responding to the call for tenders launched by the 
INFINITE MEASURES company for the realization of a battery of psycho-technical tests aimed at evaluating the 
aptitudes of potential aircraft pilots, and in particular fighter pilots. Our objective is to guarantee trainers 
a reliable test that can meet their demanding expectations and allow them to know precisely the ability of a 
subject to evolve serenely and efficiently in a particular environment, such as the cockpit of a fighter plane. 
Our tests can be taken several times by each student, in order to quantify their progress during their training.

- OUR OBJECTIVES
The purpose of our company is to participate in the defense of France, by training those who, tomorrow, will fly 
over our heads to ensure the protection of the country. The design of this site aims at validating two requests 
allowing us to fulfill our contract with INFINITE MEASURES. First of all, we would like this site to be a window 
on the profession of fighter pilot, and to allow us to arouse the interest of visitors. That's why we attach a 
lot of importance to its design, and not only to its functionality. In this regard, the choice of colors allows us
 to recall the sky, the aviation (the blue of the sky, and the gray of the aircraft), while linking this with a 
touch of modernity, and shades of pastel colors. In parallel, the site must allow to make the link between the 
student pilots and their instructors: it is via this one that both can communicate, and that the results of each 
student are published. Each student can see his results thanks to a private account to which only he has access, 
while each instructor can publish and access the results of each of his affiliated students.

- OUR STRATEGY
This site is obviously addressed first to the training center linked to the company that hires us, INFINITE 
MEASURES, in order to list all the students tested as well as their results which will then be analyzed by the 
trainers. The student officers will also be able to connect to the site to see their results in the different 
tests, and their potential progress. However, passionate about what we do, we would also like to share our 
experience, and some sections will allow a lambda user, without prior connection, to know a little better our 
young company AEROPEX, as well as the company that hires us INFINITE MEASURES, and the different aspects of the 
pilot's job it claims to train.



